welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called the clinic
from 2010. spoilers ahead watch out and
take care and i hope you enjoy it at the
beginning of the movie we saw a couple
named beth and cameron they were not
married but the girl was pregnant they
were going to meet beth's mom and they
were so happy when they were driving on
the road they noticed that a truck was
following them they let the truck go in
front of them but unfortunately the
truck pushed their car over to the side
and their car went outside of the road
but luckily they were safe after a while
they started driving again their
destination was so far
it got dark while driving so they
decided to pass the night in a motel
their receptionist behaved strangely
with them and he demanded rent for their
unborn baby they went to the motel room
and then they came to the swimming pool
to take a rest
but suddenly a man and woman came there
beth and cameron were looking at them
and they felt a bit uncomfortable beth
and cameron asked them why they came
here but they didn't say anything and
left after that they took a rest by the
swimming pool
beth fell asleep she had a nightmare in
that nightmare she saw a baby the baby
was on the floor and there was blood
everywhere around the baby she got
scared after this nightmare and woke up
now they went to their room and beth
fell asleep again but cameron couldn't
sleep cameron was so hungry and he went
to the restaurant but he could not find
any food since the restaurant was closed
therefore he decided to go to the town
but he was out of fuel that's why he
came back to the motel he was so shocked
after returning to his room
because beth was not in the room he went
to the reception while looking for beth
he asked the receptionist about beth but
he told him that he does not know
anything about her cameron went to the
local police when the police came to the
motel to ask about beth the receptionist
said some bad words about beth cameron
got so mad at him and started to beat
him
the police arrested them both on the
other side we saw that beth was naked
and she was in a bathtub the bathtub was
full of ice her belly was stitched which
means someone had taken out her baby
from her belly she saw some clothes in
front of her and there was something
written in roman letters on that cloth
beth went out of that room and she saw
so many rooms all of the rooms had a
bathtub with ice she came out of there
and saw that it was a huge warehouse and
it was nearly impossible for her to run
away from there she tried to run away
from there but she fainted when she woke
up she saw that there were three women
in front of her
and they were also dressed up as her
their babies were also taken out of
their belly and their bellies were also
stitched it was bleeding from the
stitches their names were veronica
allison and ivy none of them knows where
their babies are
suddenly they heard a sound after some
time they went there and saw that there
was blood on the floor they followed the
blood and found another woman her belly
was bleeding a lot because her womb was
not stitched they tried to save her life
but she had bled a lot she told them
that her baby will be blue none of them
understood what she just said and after
some time she died on the other side we
saw that the police were taking cameron
to the police station in his car but
somehow he took away the gun of the
police and pointed the gun at his head
he tied the police to an electric pole
and went away with the police car to
look for beth in the next scene we saw
that the four ladies had no idea what
was happening in the warehouse why was
it happening and what do they want from
them they decided to look for their
babies they made two groups with two
people in each group
ivy and allison went to a group and
veronica went with beth they didn't know
that someone was following their actions
through the security camera ivy found a
photo and a camera alison put that
camera on her neck veronica and beth
went to a room and they found so many
photos but they had no idea about those
photos
ivy found some food in a room and stayed
there to eat that food alison entered a
dark room and the room was full of
insects that's why she fell on the floor
and we saw that someone was standing
behind her with a knife she had no idea
about this
now ivy and beth heard the voice of
alison that's why they ran towards her
and saw that she was dead someone had
stabbed her belly with a knife very
badly they found a green tag in her
belly and someone had intentionally put
it there they had no idea who did this
alison found a photo where a girl was
standing with a dress like them
in the next scene we saw that cameron
came to that motel and asked the
receptionist about beth the receptionist
got scared of the gun and told him about
the warehouse
cameron went towards the warehouse with
the police car but his car got in a trap
and crashed he died in this crash
the three girls came to a room while
looking for their babies and all the
babies were in that room
all of the babies had a multi-colored
tag on their bodies but the babies were
inside a cage and no one knows which one
was their baby
because all babies look the same
they tried to break the cage but it was
impossible to break the cage
alison had a green tag in her belly and
one of the babies had a green tag in his
leg as well which means it was alison's
baby
this means all the other girls also have
a tag in their belly as well
and they need to cut their belly to get
it out
after that they tried to get out of
there and take help from the police
dogs were running after them they hid
themselves in the animal shed to save
their lives from the dogs they were
there until evening and they fell asleep
beth had the nightmare once again
a baby was laid down on the floor and he
was surrounded by blood
she woke up and tried to get out of
there she went to look for ivy but
veronica was not able to walk anymore
that's why she didn't come out of the
room
on the other side ivy was in the cowshed
but suddenly a girl attacked her from
behind and killed her and the people who
were following ivy and the other girls
put a cross mark on ivy's photo after
she died beth went to a van while
looking for ivy and she saw that someone
had killed ivy she realized that girl
had killed ivy she saw an abnormal guy
in the van his name was duncan beth saw
the photo of that woman who she saw at
the motel near the pool duncan is the
son of that woman and this woman is
behind their kidnaps
beth tried to seduce the boy to get the
key from him
he had a key to the cage of the babies
but the guy ran away from her
beth went after him and forcefully took
the key from him beth went to pick up
veronica and she took her out of the
animal shed but unfortunately veronica's
stitching broke and she started bleeding
since veronica was a doctor she knew how
to stitch her belly that's why she went
to that warehouse with the help of beth
that woman was also coming after them
who had killed alison and ivy beth and
veronica went to the room where veronica
was stitching her belly with the help of
a mirror but suddenly someone turned the
lights off beth went to the control room
to turn on the lights but the woman came
there and tried to kill veronica she
pulls out that tag from her belly
but luckily beth came there and kicked
that woman therefore the woman got
stabbed by a rod and it went through her
body as a result the woman was almost
dead
after that we saw the woman was in the
bathroom and she had pulled out all the
tags from those girls so that she could
recognize which baby was whose so that
she does not have to cut her own belly
that's why she was killing the other
girls and pulling out their tags from
their belly now she knows which one was
her baby but now she was about to die
that woman made a promise to beth that
she will give her all the tags but she
needs to take care of her baby
after that she gave her all of the tags
and we saw that the people from the
security room cross-marked the photo of
this woman
and they separated the photo of beth
from the other photos because beth was
the only one alive
when beth went to that baby room with
the tags she saw that there were no
babies in those cages
beth became so upset and some people
came into that room they tranquilized
her and took her outside
and these two guys were from the motel
one was the owner and the other was the
police
beth woke up and discovered herself tied
with a chain
beth saw that the people she saw in the
motel near the pool were sitting at the
table they were russian they just sold
the baby in front of beth and the woman
who was selling the baby was also
russian and she was behind all of this
she wanted to see how one mother kills
another the survivor's baby will be sold
to the richest client because that
mother would be the most powerful
and now this russian woman tried to kill
beth but then duncan came there and
killed a man of that russian woman
duncan also got shot here in the next
scene we saw that beth went to look for
her baby with duncan's gun
suddenly she saw a baby on the table
that russian woman who came there told
her that she was also adopted like this
baby and she showed her the picture of
beth's real mom they've killed her mom
after kidnapping her after hearing this
beth got so mad at her and killed her in
the next scene we saw that she and her
baby got saved by the police and they
told her that her fiance had died the
story turned into an unexpected road
here
we saw that beth came to the grave of
her real mom with her baby and then she
found out about her real father and she
wanted to go to her real father with her
baby the movie ends here this movie was
based on a story of 1979
and dna test was not so familiar then
and that's why one mom killed another
mom to get their tags in order to
recognize their babies and the mother
who survives this game her baby got sold
with the highest price
because they thought that the babies
would be strong if their moms were
stronger and beth was so strong since
her mom was also a survivor of this game
beth kept having the nightmare about
that baby and the movie ended here to
watch more explanations of these kinds
of movies click on the videos on your
screen and don't forget to let me know
how you feel about today's video in the
comments down below and at last i will
say stay safe stay well thanks